When you two first met in front of Good Soup,
do you know why I wasn't threatened by you?
How can it be you?
You're still lost.
You're young too.
What can you do for Hyun Soo?
I can give her everything she wants.
You only care about your feelings,
so you don't care about her future.
You should get mad when you're mad.
I'm telling you I'll steal your woman.
If you have your hand in a fist, you should hit me. What's wrong?
You finally seem human.
You've been acting too noble until now.
(Temperature of Love)
Hyun Soo, you go ahead first.
I have to talk to Jung Woo.
(On Jung Sun)
You finally seem human.
(Lee Hyun Soo)
The person you have called can't come to the phone...
Why isn't he picking up?
(Lee Hyun Soo)
Hello? Where are you?
Are you still outside?
I'm at home.
That's a relief.
I want to talk to you face-to-face. Can I do that?
Sure.
Okay, I'll be right there.
I didn't know you'd be waiting outside.
You're so impatient.
You just hung up without even letting me answer back.
I hung up because I thought you might not let me come.
Why did you think I might not let you come?
Because I felt like you'd be in a bad mood.
It's cold. Do you want to go inside, and drink some tea?
Can you make me food?
Are you going to cook rice?
You don't need to. You can just cook me ramyeon.
I don't have ramyeon. I have noodles though.
Let's eat that then.
Rice will be too heavy of a meal.
Should I cook the noodles?
No, I'll cook everything for you.
I was on my way back from a meeting with Mr. Park.
You smelled like alcohol.
Do you drink while you work?
Oh, that.
Joon Ha wanted to go somewhere else for a meeting.
But we didn't know that he'd take us there.
Joon Ha just took us without telling us where...
I don't know why I'm trying to justify myself.
Why did you come back with Jung Woo when you went there with Kyung?
Are you being jealous right now?
It feels nice.
I shouldn't have told you when there's nothing much to it.
What did you talk about with Mr. Park?
Nothing much.
My goodness.
It's okay. This happens to me often.
This is why I told you not to cook.
Do you want to eat bread? I just have to toast it.
I think that would be better.
Okay.
Don't you have any affection for me?
I don't think I'll ever be on bad terms with you.
Why?
Because it's you.
I liked how she knew how to cherish her feelings.
Because that would mean she would treat me the same way...
if she actually started to like me.
I'm not sure if it's right to keep working with you.
What did you talk about with Mr. Park?
Nothing much.
My goodness.
This is why I told you not to cook.
You have an executives' meeting at 9am.
You have a lunch meeting at 12pm with the director of HNC.
You're scheduled to have tea with Netflix at 2:30pm.
And you need to sign a contract with Director Min at 3:30pm.
Then you have a dinner meeting at 7pm with the director of SBC.
I knew you normally come to work at this hour, so I came to see you.
Please bring us some tea.
Okay.
Why did you come see me in the middle of jogging?
What did you say...
to Jung Sun that night?
I thought you were smart.
Are you so blinded by love that you've become stupid?
You have a way of making yourself look charming...
by talking as if you're tough.
It's attractive. Just not to me.
You must be nervous.
You guys are already being swayed.
How easy.
You both talked as if you guys had a really strong relationship.
You can sway me...
because I always manage to find my way back.
I know how it feels to be swayed.
But Jung Sun's not like me.
Don't women normally fall for guys with a strong mentality?
Do you like him even if he's weak?
Do you like him even if he's not stable?
Yes, I like him.
Not just his appearance, but also his spirit.
He's 28.
It'd be weird for him to have already succeeded.
You're being really mean to me.
If I try to be on good terms with both of you,
it'll be harder on all three of us.
If I just try to make things work with one person,
then only one person will have to get hurt.
You talk as if you have control over...
this relationship.
Do I not?
That only works when Jung Sun and I are strangers.
This is a different situation.
Stop acting like your boyfriend's mother. Now, go home and work.
Why aren't you trying to earn money with my script?
I don't think it's right for you to say that you're only choosing...
my work because of our relationship.
Other production companies don't think of my work that way.
Do you want to work at another production company?
I keep my promises.
Even if I do leave one day,
I'm not going to leave before I earn money for your company.
So...
my story's going to be a happy ending.
My goodness, look who's here. It's the handsome chef.
Do you have bass?
I came to buy them myself.
You're so strict when it comes to buying ingredients.
Let's see here.
What do you think?
Ms. Lee, Mr. Park gave me orders to drive you home.
No, it's okay.
I'll be waiting outside.
Hyun Soo.
Hello, Mother.
Isn't he Mr. Park's personal driver?
Yes, I came by to see Mr. Park about something.
I see. I guess you work for him as well.
Yes. But what are you doing here?
I came to talk to Mr. Park about something.
I'll see you next time.
Okay. See you.
Is Mr. Park inside?
I know he still has some time before the meeting starts.
He already went to the meeting.
Really? I guess it started early. When did it start?
It's been a little over 30 minutes.
Really? Okay.
He's not inside.
You're here.
Do you have something against Jung Sun?
I'm a bit too straightforward, aren't I?
That's your charm.
What is this about?
I heard Good Soup isn't doing well financially.
Can't you help him out a little?
I don't know how you came across that information.
It doesn't look good for you to get involved in his business.
What?
I'm sorry. I need to go to a meeting.
You can have some tea before you leave.
Does Hyun Soo work here too?
I met her downstairs.
Yes, she works here.
Is there nothing going on between you two?
Please give Ms. Yoo some warm tea.
Hello, Chef.
Why aren't you giving me an answer on the offer I made?
I heard Good Soup's going to go bankrupt soon.
Just come work for me before it goes bankrupt.
I already gave you an answer.
It's become worse than before.
It actually might be better for you to quit working there.
They'll be able to cut down on personnel expenses.
Okay.
Shouldn't we quit if the restaurant's doing this bad?
Then who's going to cook?
Soo Jung might quit.
I think someone's trying to scout her.
I like Chef On.
Why isn't he appearing on TV shows?
What were you talking about?
We were thinking maybe we should quit.
Quitting is better than getting fired.
Soo Jung got an offer from another restaurant.
- Why did you tell him that? - What?
Chef.
I need to talk to you.
Is something wrong?
Why don't you hire a regular server...
rather than keeping a sommelier like me?
Why did you come up with that idea?
I can make a wine list for you even if I'm somewhere else.
You should go if you have a better offer.
I'm not doing this to go to a better restaurant.
I'll go prepare for lunch.
[VIU Ver] E25 Temperature of Love "I Respect You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
She's trying to help us cut down on labor cost.
Soo Jung leaving us would be a worse blow.
Good job. You can go have lunch.
Okay.
Mom.
Hey.
What's up? What brings you all the way here?
Nothing.
About Jung Sun...
Yes?
He loves me.
I know.
I could tell that the other day.
Happy dating.
We can't just date.
You shouldn't decide to get married just because of your age.
I'm okay with celibacy.
Who says we'll get married now?
I want to give him conviction.
That my family approves our relationship.
Is your relationship that weak that he needs conviction?
Does his mom overpower him?
She seemed more than ordinary.
Jung Sun's mom is nice. She's different every time.
That means she doesn't have stability.
Mr. Park...
Why are you bringing Mr. Park up?
He likes you.
You don't even have to tell me. I know.
I like Mr. Park.
He's stable.
Mom.
You're over 30.
How can you be so out of touch with reality?
(Jung Sun's Mother)
Yes, ma'am.
We parted too abruptly earlier. Let's have tea.
Okay. Where should we meet?
Okay, ma'am.
I really don't like her.
Jung Sun and you aren't even married. Why is she calling you?
This is her charm. This kind of unexpectedness.
Goodness.
Hello, again.
You're dressed differently.
You were in your sweat suit earlier.
Yes. I was working out.
Are you close with Mr. Park?
How long have you known him?
- Thank you. - Enjoy.
I ordered it.
I saw you liked Kenya double A.
Yes.
I've known Mr. Park for five years. We're quite close.
He's my college senior.
Jung Sun and Mr. Park...
are like brothers. Did you know?
I found out just recently.
Do you know...
that they aren't getting along these days?
Yes.
Is it because of you?
So it is.
I liked that...
we were both dating men who were younger than us.
But now I feel like I've been back-stabbed.
There has been a misunderstanding.
You should just listen.
Jung Sung's dad was 25 when I married him.
I was two years his senior.
His family was against us getting married.
Since I had nothing to show for except my looks and modesty.
I loved him so much.
I thought I'd die without him.
But...
it was different when we got married.
He was violent.
So I was lonely.
I made friends because I was lonely,
and that caused trouble.
One of them ran off with my money.
My husband lost his trust in me.
He hadn't left his family...
even when he was having affairs.
Jung Sun is like a flower that bloomed in trash.
My heart aches for him.
But...
I can't control myself.
I'm scared of living alone.
I hate being alone.
Can you handle all that?
Yes, I can.
What?
You can?
I'll try, ma'am.
Please root for me.
You're really absurd.
I love Jung Sun.
One only has this kind of love once in a lifetime.
I realized that during the five years he was gone.
Chef, I'll do it. It's my turn.
I'll do it. Just get ready to eat after you clean things up.
- I think he's overreacting. - Stop it.
Thank you.
Is everyone worried about the restaurant closing?
Worrying is my job.
You can't overstep your bounds.
Why aren't you answering me? Will you quit because you're worried?
- No, Chef. - No, Chef.
Eat up.
You like being high up.
That's why I asked you to meet me here.
I have 30 minutes.
I'm sorry I hit you.
You don't have to apologize.
I'm apologizing to you...
and to me as well.
My goal in life was to not live like my dad.
I've been suppressing my aggressive nature inside me.
You disturbed it.
Thanks to you it's been shaken.
I respect you.
Being angry at me is ultimately is being angry yourself.
It means you cared for me very much.
Our friendship is on trial.
I want to take it to the end.
I want to know the true nature of the ones I loved.
Goodness.
Welcome home.
What? I thought I walked into your house.
Your place feels like my house.
Isn't Kyung home?
She's sleeping.
I think she's a bit lazy, and she sleeps a lot too.
But you like her, right?
I submitted our drama script to the station.
But On Entertainment also submitted Writer Ji's drama script as well.
Our company can only choose one.
I don't know what Jung Woo's thinking.
I'm sure he'll make a wise decision.
Why can't you acknowledge reality?
If you choose Jung Woo, you'll be able to live a comfortable life.
I know because I've been there.
Your kind of love won't be able to last long.
Let me give it a try.
I want to decide after I give it my best shot.
Did you sleep well?
Hey, Hyun Soo.
Do you want some ramyeon?
No. I have to go to Good Soup for an interview.
If I go there, good-looking chefs will give me delicious food.
Okay, fine.
(Park Jung Woo, Min Yi Bok)
I'll do my best.
I look forward to working with you.
Me too.
Have you read Writer Ji Hong Ah's drama script?
Yes. The storyline was very straightforward.
I think you two will get along very well.
I told you beforehand that you won't get along so well with Writer Lee.
You're the one who insisted on working with her.
But Writer Ji needs to make some changes in her script.
You need to discuss it with the writer before you edit it.
I told Writer Ji to come to the office.
Hello.
Welcome.
It's nice to see you again.
It was really painful contemplating on whether...
I should work with you or not.
She's not giving me an easy start.
If you make any changes to my script, I might kill you.
My gosh, this is really interesting.
I wonder who's going to win.
Won Joon.
Hey, you're here.
I just met the director.
I guess things went well.
Yes, they did.
I'll see you next time.
I get that you have a girlfriend.
But you and I were already friends.
How can you suddenly treat me so differently?
I'm sorry. The restaurant's not doing so well these days,
and I have a lot on my mind.
The only friends I have in my life are...
Hyun Soo, you, Jung Sun, and Kyung.
It's just the four of you.
But none of you are supporting me right now.
- Hello, Ms. Yoo. - Hi.
Is Jung Sun at home?
No, he went to meet Mr. Park.
You seem familiar.
Hello.
How do you know her?
I saw her at Mr. Park's office.
Now that I'm seeing you again,
I wonder why it feels as though you're a very complicated person.
Anyway, I need to talk to my son today.
And I've already spent too much energy, so I'll see you next time.
Bye, Ms. Yoo.
There aren't as many ingredients as there used to be.
When did you interview him?
A... A few days ago.
We don't have a lot of customers these days.
So we're not making as many orders as we used to.
Is it that bad?
Mr. Park's been pressuring us lately.
Is Chef On upstairs?
I waited for you for over an hour.
How did things go with Mr. Park?
Why aren't you answering me?
You're doing this because of Hyun Soo, aren't you?
That's why you're not telling me anything.
Why are you bringing up Hyun Soo all of a sudden?
I met Hyun Soo at Mr. Park's company.
They seemed pretty close.
She works for that company. That's why they're close.
Don't get mistaken.
I'm not mistaken.
Is there something going on between you and Professor Min?
What are you talking about?
Since when were you so interested in me like this?
What kind of mother wouldn't love their own son?
I'm a mother too.
My goodness.
You should go now.
Hello.
You're so diligent.
Do you follow me around?
Mom, aren't you going to leave?
Why are you disrespecting me?
You can treat me like that when it's just the two of us.
But how can you treat me like that in front of her?
Okay, I get it.
What do you get? This is all because of her.
Why are you taking it out on me?
I liked you earlier, but not anymore.
I'll do my best to make you keep liking me.
Are you going to keep doing this?
No. Because I know you'll hate me if I continue.
Goodbye.
You have really good manners.
Yes, Mother. I hear that a lot.
What a great personality.
I was here for an interview and heard you were here, so I came up.
You have to get ready for dinnertime soon.
I'm sorry about my mom.
It's okay.
She's not that hard to deal with.
She's cute.
Her mood changes really quickly.
I like that she's honest.
That's why I liked Hong Ah.
I like your optimistic nature.
That's right.
Jung Sun is like a flower that bloomed in a pile of trash.
Jung Sun and Mr. Park...
are like brothers.
Do you know that they aren't getting along these days?
I want to give him assurance...
that my family approves our relationship.
(Third Report on how to improve the management performance of Good Soup)
Here's the third consultation report on Good Soup.
(Development of new menu, A collaboration with a famous chef)
(Chef On could work with another chef to bring out better results.)
This is Good Soup.
Chef On, I'm calling from Mr. Park's office.
Yes, hello.
I'm calling to make a dinner reservation for two.
Mr. Park's going to eat there with Eric Song,
a Michelin three-star chef from Hong Kong.
Okay.
The restaurant feels so weird without Soo Jung.
Do you know who's coming to the restaurant today?
Eric Song is coming. He's coming with Jung Woo.
Eric Song?
He's the chef who got three Michelin stars.
Mr. Park must be trying to support us now.
I'm pretty sure that's not it.
No, my gut's telling me that it is.
How nice would it be if Eric Song compliments us on our food?
I should go inside and get ready.
(Episode 26 will air shortly.)